Support defining basic sweep through config file (#1886)
facebookresearch/hydra: website/docs/tutorials/basic/running_your_app/2_multirun.md

```
The printed configurations have been omitted for brevity.

You can also define sweeping in the input configs by overriding
`hydra.sweeper.params`. Using the above example, the same multirun could be achieved via the following config.

```yaml
hydra:
  sweeper:
    params:
      db: mysql,postgresql
      schema: warehouse,support,school
```

> The syntax are consistent for both input configs and commandline overrides. The commandline will override the definition 
> in input configs. If we run the same application with the above input config and a new commandline override:

Reviewer: I think that the word "override" is overloaded (as here it refers both to the sweeper overriding the config settings in different jobs, and to the command line sweep taking precedence over the the sweep from the input config).
```suggestion
The syntax are consistent for both input configs and commandline overrides.
If a sweep is specified in both an input config and at the command line,
then the commandline sweep will take precedence over the sweep defined 
in the input config. If we run the same application with the above input config and a new commandline override:
```

Author: sg! thanks for the edits

```
The printed configurations have been omitted for brevity.

You can also define sweeping in the input configs by overriding
`hydra.sweeper.params`. Using the above example, the same multirun could be achieved via the following config.

```yaml
hydra:
  sweeper:
    params:
      db: mysql,postgresql
      schema: warehouse,support,school
```

The syntax are consistent for both input configs and commandline overrides.
If a sweep is specified in both an input config and at the command line,
then the commandline sweep will take precedence over the sweep defined 

> in the input config. If we run the same application with the above input config and a new commandline override:

Reviewer: Since the syntax is not yet standardized across all of our supported sweepers, I think this could be confusing to a user who e.g. wants to use the nevergrad sweeper and finds that `hydra.sweeper.params` is not supported.

Reviewer: (Then again, these docs makes sense for the next release assuming that all the sweepers will be standardized)

Author: I've added an info section to highlight the difference. I will remove it later once the other HPOs are updated.
